README.md, before:

# vbb-rest

***vbb-rest* is a public transport REST API**, a clean alternative to the [VBB HAFAS API](https://github.com/derhuerst/vbb-hafas). [It has lots of advantages over theirs.](docs/why.md)

**[API documentation](docs/index.md)**

Use [`vbb-client@3`](https://github.com/derhuerst/vbb-client) for querying this API in browsers or with Node.

![vbb-rest architecture diagram](https://rawgit.com/derhuerst/vbb-rest/master/architecture.svg)

[![dependency status](https://img.shields.io/david/derhuerst/vbb-rest.svg)](https://david-dm.org/derhuerst/vbb-rest)
![ISC-licensed](https://img.shields.io/github/license/derhuerst/vbb-rest.svg)
[![chat on gitter](https://badges.gitter.im/derhuerst.svg)](https://gitter.im/derhuerst)


## Installing

```
git clone https://github.com/derhuerst/vbb-rest.git
cd vbb-rest
npm install --production
npm start
```


## Contributing

If you have a question or have difficulties using `vbb-rest`, please double-check your code and setup first. If you think you have found a bug or want to propose a feature, refer to [the issues page](https://github.com/derhuerst/vbb-rest/issues).

Commit message:

fix Docker build :green_heart:, link to Docker Hub repo

README.md, after:

# vbb-rest

***vbb-rest* is a public transport REST API**, a clean alternative to the [VBB HAFAS API](https://github.com/derhuerst/vbb-hafas). [It has lots of advantages over theirs.](docs/why.md)

**[API documentation](docs/index.md)**

Use [`vbb-client@3`](https://github.com/derhuerst/vbb-client) for querying this API in browsers or with Node.

![vbb-rest architecture diagram](https://rawgit.com/derhuerst/vbb-rest/master/architecture.svg)

[![dependency status](https://img.shields.io/david/derhuerst/vbb-rest.svg)](https://david-dm.org/derhuerst/vbb-rest)
![ISC-licensed](https://img.shields.io/github/license/derhuerst/vbb-rest.svg)
[![chat on gitter](https://badges.gitter.im/derhuerst.svg)](https://gitter.im/derhuerst)


## Installing

```
git clone https://github.com/derhuerst/vbb-rest.git
cd vbb-rest
npm install --production
npm start
```

[A Docker image is available as `derhuerst/vbb-rest`.](https://hub.docker.com/r/derhuerst/vbb-rest)


## Contributing

If you have a question or have difficulties using `vbb-rest`, please double-check your code and setup first. If you think you have found a bug or want to propose a feature, refer to [the issues page](https://github.com/derhuerst/vbb-rest/issues).
